TDE notebook: fix image selection for generating complete cutouts (#23)
Caltech-IPAC/OpenUniverse-workshop-2026: tutorials/TDE_light_curve.md

candidates_images = TDS_image_search(df_candidates, image_search_radius, bandname)
```

Since there are > 100 TDS images for each candidate, we will:
1. filter out images where candidate is close to the edge of image so that photometry is more reliable and partial cutouts can be avoided.

> 2. select only a sample of images based on MJD quantiles so that photometry is quicker to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are > 100 TDS images for this target.
Because running photometry on all of them will take too much time for this tutorial, we limit our sample in the following ways:
1.We remove images where target is close to the edge of image so that photometry is more reliable and partial cutouts can be avoided.
2. select only a sample of images based on MJD quantiles so that photometry is uniformly sampled in time.

Feel free to remove the filtering if you want to run photometry on all the images
```
